---
layout: archive
title: "Projects"
permalink: /projects/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

<h2>Information Retrieval Project</h2>
<h5>March 2023-June 2023</h5>
* Implemented text classification using a BERT-based model with transformer models designed for the Persian news.
* Fine-tuned HuggingFace models on Persian news data to achieve four highly accurate models

<h2>Housing Market Predictions Project</h2>
<h5>February 2023-June 2023</h5>
* Utilized real-time web scraping for up-to-date Iranian website data, ensuring our models used the most relevant house price information.
* Utilized diverse machine learning algorithms, including deep learning, to develop predictive models for real estate prices in Iranian megacities.

<h2>Data Mining Project</h2>
<h5>September 2022-January 2023</h5>
* Leveraged advanced data mining techniques to identify key patterns and trends in the 'final_cloth' dataset, resulting in actionable recommendations for the clothing stores to improve their sales and customer satisfaction.
* Describe the data set information, and check if the dataset has missing values. In which columns are these values placed? Also, while stating the reason, deal with the missing values in the best way in your opinion.
* Draw a BoxPlot diagram for numerical features and a distribution diagram for at least 3 features.
* Draw the category diagram based on feedback-length so that the frequency of each feedback in each category is known.

<h2>Recommender System Project</h2>
<h5>September 2022-January 2023</h5>
* Extensive coursework in Data Mining has equipped me with the knowledge and skills to develop a comprehensive presentation on recommender systems, covering fundamental concepts and providing illustrative examples for a thorough understanding.
* The presentation includes readily accessible materials such as notebooks and detailed reports, allowing for an in-depth exploration of recommender systems beyond the scope of the presentation itself.

<h2>Database Laboratory Project </h2>
<h5>February 2023-June 2023</h5>
* Developed a cross-platform application for football enthusiasts that allows them to create, delete, and update profiles of renowned football players.
* Utilized impressive graphics and sound design to enhance user engagement and appeal in the application.

<h2>Socket Programming Project</h2>
<h5>January 2022-June 2022</h5>
* Project workflow involves server initiation, data collection from university faculties, and communication between client programs and the server program, with specific keywords triggering corresponding responses.
* Utilized ReactJS for the frontend and Node.js for the backend to establish seamless connectivity between the two facets of the application.

<h2>Compiler Project</h2>
<h5>October 2021-January 2022</h5>
* Designed a C language compiler utilizing Python.
* Comprised 5 phases: Pre-Processing, Lexical Analyzer, Syntax Analyzer, Semantic Analyzer, and Code Generation.


